Clarify docs around manylinux and c++ (#732)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/cpp_standards.md

Building Python wheels with modern C++ standards (C++11 and later) requires a few tricks.

## manylinux and C++

> The `manylinux*` standards imply a limit on which C++ standard you can use. There are workarounds to this, and `cibuildwheel` uses some workarounds by default. You should be aware of them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `manylinux*` standards imply a limit on which C++ standard you can dynamically link to. There is a workaround built into the manylinux1, manylinux2010, and manylinux2014 compilers described below that allows partial linking to just the portions that are allowed; this workaround is not available for the `manylinux_2_*` images yet.
```

For 95%+ of users, this makes no difference - it just works. No one compiles with old GCCs - 4.8 is already _very_ old - C++11 is 10 years old this year. And it's not cibuildwheel's workaround at all, it's Red Hats - one could _maybe_ argue it's manylinux's (which is the way I've stated it above), but it's not cibuildwheel.

Pybind11 would not exist (at least on linux) if we were constrained to the original compilers. And statically linking everything would probably down PyPI.

Consider that the `manylinux*` standards constrain _symbol versions_ in `libstdc++.so`. So when *dynamically linking* to `libstdc++.so`, the desired `manylinux*` standard constrains the gcc version, and thus constrains the C++ standard.

Cross-referencing [current manylinux standards](https://github.com/mayeut/pep600_compliance/blob/f86a7d7c153cc45aa3f2add6ffcf610c80501657/pep600_compliance/tools/policy.json) with [gcc's symbol versions](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/abi.html) and [libstdc++'s language support](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/status.html), we have:

>  * `manylinux1`: gcc 4.1.x

Reviewer: This should probably be relegated to a note. For almost every user, this doesn't matter. IFAIK, all packages dynamically link and go about their day. This is a nice note, but what _most_ users what is the second table - what GCC version is _actually_ used. `manylinux1` is C++11 compatible, but not C++14 compatible, etc. This is good detail to have in a note just in case someone is debugging a really weird bug, or wondering how CentOS 5 has GCC 4.8.

 * `manylinux2010`: gcc 4.4.x
 * `manylinux2014`: gcc 4.8.x
 * `manylinux_2_24`: gcc 6.x (stable C++14 ABI)
 * `manylinux_2_27`: gcc 7.x (stable C++14 ABI)

([The first release of a complete and stable C++17 ABI is gcc 9.1](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/status.html#status.iso.2017), but as of writing there is no official `manylinux*` standard that supports this version. Prior standards like C++11 *are* supported, but gcc doesn't document the per-version support as clearly as C++14 and later)

> We *can* use newer C++ standards and support older `manylinux*`, if we use *static linking*.

Reviewer: I don't think we are trying to push anyone to static linking. The current system works fine. It's better if it's just mentioned as a detail.
